Update README.md (#13)
PDOK/lighttpd-docker: README.md

docker build -t pdok/lighttpd .
```

> ### Enable Dockerfile inting pre-commit hook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable Dockerfile linting pre-commit hook
```

Run the following from the root of the repository to enable Dockerfile linting with [hadolint](https://github.com/hadolint/hadolint):

```sh
git config --local include.path ../.gitconfig
```

> Succesfull Dockerfile linting is a requirement for merging pull requests to master, which is enforced with the [Dockerfile Lint Github action](https://github.com/PDOK/lighttpd-docker/blob/master/.github/workflows/dockerfile-lint.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Successful Dockerfile linting is a requirement for merging pull requests into
master, which is enforced with the [Dockerfile Lint Github action](
https://github.com/PDOK/lighttpd-docker/blob/master/.github/workflows/dockerfile-lint.yaml).
```
